Write a Python Program to implement Depth First Search.
Implement the Water Jug problem in Python.
Write a Python Program to implement the Min-Max Algorithm.
Write a Python Program to implement the Backtracking approach to solve the N Queens problem
Discuss the Naïve Bayes algorithm and write the Python code to demonstrate the execution of the Naïve Bayes algorithm on the dataset of your choice.
Implement multiple regression in Python. Take the dataset of your choice as input.
Take a real-time example to implement the ID3 decision tree classification algorithm in Python.
Write a Python Program to implement the Apriori algorithmona dataset of your own choice.


--------------------------------


Use Google Docs to create a document containing the guidelines for preparing and submitting the
MCS-229 practical assignment. Store it on Google Drive and share it with five friends who can view
and comment on the guidelines.


Use Google Sheets to create a spreadsheet containing the cloud storage cost of any four cloud services.
Store this cost as per the following headings:
Cloud Service; Web Address of Service; Space Required in GB; Cost per GB; Storage Cost; Discount,
if any; Net Cost.
You may use the following formulas for making the spreadsheet:
Storage Cost = Space Required in GB * Cost per GB
Discount is computed as:
If Storage Cost <1,00,000 Discount =0
For Storage Cost >= 1,00,000 but <5,00,000
Discount = 10% of Storage Cost
For Storage Cost >=5,00,000
Discount = 25% of Storage Cost
Net Cost = Storage Cost- Discount

Use Google Slides and prepare nine slides on the topic "Cloud Deployment Models" (Public, Private,
Hybrid, Community) in a group of three students by sharing the Google Slides in your group in edit
mode. Every group member should create three slides and contribute to the slides of other group
members using the Google Slides.


2. Using the AWS Free Tier (trial version), explore Amazon S3 cloud storage and Amazon RDS
services.

3. Use Google App Engine to write a program that finds the transpose of a given matrix. The program
should accept matrix input, transpose it on the server, and display the resulting matrix. Deploy it on
the Google Cloud.

Datascience
